70-new-fonts-and-colors/README.md, before:

# New fonts and colors

This is not official. Not yet. We are just exploring other possibilities in this directory here.

![](ring-name-paths.png)

* version 1: official version made of Ubuntu font.
* version 2: alternate version made of Exo 2 font.
* version 3: alternate version made of Oxanium font.

These new fonts are from https://fonts.google.com/?vfonly=true. These are variable fonts, to get the exact same line thickness as the logo.

### Styles:

```
style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:185px;font-family:'Exo 2';-inkscape-font-specification:'Exo 2, @wght=550';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;font-variation-settings:'wght' 550;fill:#1dc99e;fill-opacity:1"

style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:175px;font-family:Oxanium;-inkscape-font-specification:'Oxanium, @wght=585';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;font-variation-settings:'wght' 585;fill:#1dc99e;fill-opacity:1"
```

### Colors:
Here we are trying the `#1dc99e`. That's HSL = 165°, 75%, 45%. We could try new colors from time to time. Color trends are constantly evolving. Perhaps the color choices shouldn't be set in stone.

Commit message:

modified:   70-new-fonts-and-colors/README.md

70-new-fonts-and-colors/README.md, after:

# New fonts and colors

This is not official. Not yet. We are just exploring other possibilities in this directory here.

![](ring-name-paths.png)

* version 1: official version made of Ubuntu font.
* version 2: alternate version made of Exo 2 font.
* version 3: alternate version made of Oxanium font.

These new fonts are from https://fonts.google.com/?vfonly=true. These are variable fonts, to get the exact same line thickness as the logo.

### Styles:

```
style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:185px;font-family:'Exo 2';-inkscape-font-specification:'Exo 2, @wght=550';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;font-variation-settings:'wght' 550;fill:#1dc99e;fill-opacity:1"

style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:175px;font-family:Oxanium;-inkscape-font-specification:'Oxanium, @wght=585';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;font-variation-settings:'wght' 585;fill:#1dc99e;fill-opacity:1"
```

This `ring-name-fonts.svg` got duplicated to `ring-name-paths.svg` were these font objects got converted to paths. This way, those logos do not rely on any font file or web link. That's how logos should always be made. Only paths, no fonts.

### Colors:
Here we are trying the `#1dc99e`. That's HSL = 165°, 75%, 45%. We could try new colors from time to time. Color trends are constantly evolving. Perhaps the color choices shouldn't be set in stone.
